#labels Featured,Platform-Android
== Current Market release ==

===v0.9===

added loading plugin through launcher support in the manifest
added support for reading offline datasources (fixed file:// url readings)
fixed refresh on datasource change
Fixed location finding. Accuracy of the location increased.
fixed refresh problem (now multiple datasources work again)
Work Flow Enhancements: setZoomLevel should not refreash downloads, repaint should only repaint, better maintains of view (onRestart),removed duplicate getDownloadManager, secure Loging
cherry-picking old commits
Merge new MixMap changes + reorganized code, about to test memory consumption
Added Sending results among activities + few enhancements
Fixed DataView Click event for not set keypads + click calculate angle check after validation
Refactor Radar viewing, and secure radarText function
Pull direction abbreviation string from res/XML == support all avalible languages
Fixed location finding. Accuracy of the location increased.
fixed refresh problem (now multiple datasources work again)
Merge pull request #35 from DevBinnooh/feature/issue_98
Work around Issue_98, TODO improve click events for collective displayed markers
Fixed location finding. Accuracy of the location increased.
fixed refresh problem (now multiple datasources work again)
Merge pull request #30 from abduegal/feature/issue106-plugin
added soft refresh features, markers wont dissapear on reload.
updated issue 106(id problem) for plugins
updated gitignore files
removed files that shouldn't have been committed
Corrected Arabic Language support. (supported on 2.3.3 and later) Add Arabic Language support. (supported on 2.3.3 and later)
Removed duplicate access to R, memory enhancement
Reorganized MixView Class 
Javadoc on any public interface of managers, protect thread race condition on MixView in MixContext, protect DownloadManager from requests not well formed
Added UML diagrams
Location have same standard of other managers, only name is equal to develop branch. Splitted Location in 2 class
Added license information on some forgotten places, added some code documentation.
DownloadManager using new thread safe structure
New DataSourceManager class - DownloadManager explose - created mgr package
MixContext Isolated - new location package
fixed dutch language changes
Added a promt, if there are plugins installed. This gives the user the choice to use the plugins, or not.
Added walking route in mapview and toggle buttons for it.
updated api level to Google API level 10
refractored mixView by splitting it into locationfinder
Added support for Intents can be fired if a url supports it. changed: processUrl and loadwebpage in mixview
added some performance fixes, plugin can now be runned multiple times
fixed an occuring crash when the data from the url could not be parsed
added an extra type check when choosing a dataprocessor
finished the test plugin
created plugin project


== Current Development ==

The features in the Development branch will be part of the next major release, features in the Master/Hotfix branch will be released to the market as minor updates as soon as they are tested.
 
===DEVELOPMENT branch===
  * no changes since current market release 

===MASTER/HOTFIX branch===
(this reflects the changes in the current master branch on github: see https://github.com/mixare/mixare )
  * no changes since current market release 
<wiki:comment>
</wiki:comment>


== Past releases ==

===v0.8.2===
  * dutch language support
  * code cleanup MixListView is now used only for POIs list
  * mp3 /mp4 support in webview
  * code cleanup and licensing update

===v0.8.1===
  * FIX of various issues 

===v0.8===
  * NEW Refactored code and plugin structure. Developers can now customize mixare behavior (datasources, etc.)
  * REMOVED Buzz datasource. Buzz does not exist anymore

===v0.7.x===
  * NEW Added support for custom datasource defined at runtime (the user can add new datasource and edit them)
  * a few bugfix release were made

===v0.6.6===
  * FIX issue 74 - underline POIs with links in AR view (thanks leg!)
  * FIX issue 74 - underline POIs with links in list view (thanks leg!)
  * FIX issue 67 - display the message about compass errors only a few times (thanks leg!) 

===v0.6.5===
  * FIX issue 71 (thanks leg!)

=== v0.6.4===
  * FIX issue 64 (thanks kunlgt82!)
  * target SDK: 9 (gingerbread)
  * FIX issue 63 (thanks to the community of samdroid)

===v0.6.3===
  * FIX issue 52, local data source

===v0.6.2===
  * FIX the tapping the map before the content is downloaded now works

===v0.6.1===
  * FIX the click on the markers work are now more reliable

===v0.6===
  * NEW multiple data sources may be selected at once
  * NEW floating social media markers 
  * NEW graphics for social media markers
  * NEW navigation arrows for Openstreetmap railway stations
  * NEW dynamic diameter for POIs
  * FIX Better performances

===v0.5===
 * NEW data source: Openstreetmap railway stations 
 * NEW data source: Custom URL
 * NEW feature: search among displayed entries
 * NEW language: Spanish

===v0.4.1===
 * bugfix (double press menu on menulist and datasource could forceclose mixare)
 * bugfix twitter returns error when requested radius < 1km

===v0.4===
 * Added Google maps as visualization option
 * Added google buzz as data provider (thanks hanbo)
 * Many many bugfixes

===v0.3===
 * Added compatibility with Froyo (Android 2.2) and Froyo install to sd card
 * Added twitter as data source (very early integration)
 * Various fixes in the list view
 * Menu enhancements

===v0.2===
 * Added menu
 * Added german translation
 * Added italian translation
 * Added persistent preferences (radius)
 * Added "show license at first start"
 * Added list view
 * Added GPS fix notifications
 * Added failed download notifications
 * Fixed download nullpointerexception

===v0.1.1 beta===
  * compatibility with android 1.5
  * camera on Nexus One fixed

===v0.1 beta (first version)===
  * the app may fail to start (NullpointerException) if you never had a GPS fix after last reboot.
  * the camera in the Nexus one is not working