#labels Phase-Implementation,Featured,Platform-iPhone,Platform-Android
#This page documents the data format that mixare understands and how to communicate it to the application.

= Introduction =

Mixare as a standalone application is bound to geonames.org, more specifically to the data taken from wikipedia. When you start the application a call is made to http://ws.geonames.org/findNearbyWikipediaJSON (please see [http://www.geonames.org/export/JSON-webservices.html here] for details).

= How to launch mixare with your data source =

In order to show your own data through Mixare you may invoke it like this:
{{{
Intent i = new Intent();
i.setAction(Intent.ACTION_VIEW);
i.setDataAndType(Uri.parse("http://your_server/JSONEndpoint"), "application/mixare-json");
startActivity(i); 
}}}

Mixare will be invoked by the android system for every call you make to the myme type *application/mixare-json* 

It means you can even launch mixare from the browser ;)

= How your data should be encoded =

At the moment mixare supports two types of JSON encoding, the first being the one of geonames.org discussed earlier.

The second format is documented below:
==Please note that the code below is a working example.==
{{{
{
    "status": "OK",
    "num_results": 3,
    "results": [
        {
            "id": "2827",
            "lat": "46.43893",
            "lng": "11.21706",
            "elevation": "1737",
            "title": "Penegal",
            "distance": "9.756",
            "has_detail_page": "1",
            "webpage": "http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suedtirolerland.it%2Fapi%2Fmap%2FgetMarkerTplM%2F%3Fmarker_id%3D2827%26project_id%3D15%26lang_id%3D9"
        },
        {
            "id": "2821",
            "lat": "46.49396",
            "lng": "11.2088",
            "elevation": "1865",
            "title": "Gantkofel",
            "distance": "9.771",
            "has_detail_page": "0",
            "webpage": ""
        },
        {
            "id": "2829",
            "lat": "46.3591",
            "lng": "11.1921",
            "elevation": "2116",
            "title": "Roen",
            "distance": "17.545",
            "has_detail_page": "1",
            "webpage": "http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suedtirolerland.it%2Fapi%2Fmap%2FgetMarkerTplM%2F%3Fmarker_id%3D2829%26project_id%3D15%26lang_id%3D9"
        }
    ]
}
}}}

  * There *must* be an array whos name is "results" at the first level of the JSON object.
  * Each element of the array *must* contain at least _lat_ (latitude), _lng_ (longitude), _elevation_ (could be "0"), _title_ (the string that will be shown below the Marker).
  * Each element of the array *could* contain _webpage_ (a link to the what is shown when the user clicks on the marker) and if it does it *must* contain _has_detail_page_ with a value of 1). NB: A value of 0 for _has_detail_page_ means that mixare will not consider clicks on that marker.
  * Each element of the array *could* contain _distance_.

== Further details ==

Further details are available here: UseCasesExplanation	